When the enemy attacks you, it means you are on the right road.  - Enver Hoxha
You are not your grand plans. You are your daily patterns.
I can only show you the door. You’re the one that has to walk through it.  - Morpheus
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.  - Sun Tze, The Art of War
An experiment is a question which science poses to Nature and a measurement is the recording of Nature’s answer.  - Max Planck
A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing it was human.  - Alan Turing
It is hardware that makes a machine fast.  It is software that makes a fast machine slow.  - Craig Bruce
A house that has a library in it has a soul.  Plato
If you don't know where you're going, any road will do.  Chinese Proverb
If you don't know where you are, a map won't help.  Watts S. Humphrey
Burnout does not start from exhaustion.  It starts from disconnection.
When the means become the end, the end becomes meaningless.
A mission without a system keeps people guessing. A system without a mission keeps people busy.
The purpose of computation is insight, not numbers.  Richard Hamming
Start your day with your identity, not your productivity.
In feature films the director is God; in documentary films, God is the director.  Alfred Hitchcock
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...' - Isaac Asimov
Be Kind.  Be Calm.  Be Safe.  Dr Bonnie Henry
Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow.  Linus Torvalds
No method is perfect - but you need to choose one.
Recognize that every interaction you have is an opportunity to make positive impacts on others.   L'aromas Coffee
Coincidence is God's way of staying anonymous.  Albert Einstein
Everything is created twice; first in the mind, and then in reality.  
As the man said, for every complex problem there's a simple solution, and it's wrong.  Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum
How we deal with people who put forth a different way of looking at things will speak volumes about who we are.  2600
I feel the need - the need for speed.  Maverick
Resistance is futile!  The Borg
It's not easy being green.  Kermit the Frog    
Any problem in computer science can be solved with another level of indirection. Except for ther problem of too many layers of indirection. David Wheeler
Hell is truth seen too late.  Thomas Hobbes
If you're always trying to be normal, you will never know how amazing you can be.  Maya Angelou
